one of my business how the French run
their rivers but faintly should confine
all this water skiing and motorboat
stuff to San Tropez and net us so the
more gentle folk get on we're doing
what's important in life which is
cooking than sitting paddling by the
river I own a cook few a very with no
further ado notice you'll see trawlers
airplanes anything you like pumps
flat-bottomed pump freakin do it I'm
gonna cook you a salad which is typical
to this region it uses to want to come
in close here climb and have a look and
see what we've got here which is some
pre-prepared goose giblets you can buy
them in a tin from delicatessens in
england and you can also buy them
anywhere around here in the pierre ago
all you do you heat up some you have to
follow me around on this rock a little
flat bottom punch into the hot walnut
oil you put a few of these giblets okay
then stay with me five you add a few
croutons already slightly fried you warm
them through you add a few fresh walnuts
particular nice here that this is a
walnut producing region and they've got
that fresh look like three months off a
christmas taste but many of ours are
like then into the salad you stir that
around close up on the salad here please
oh it's spitting and burning my little
artist needs we won't worry too much
about that final moment we just tuck in
a little drop of wine vinegar into that
let it bubble you smell the lovely
vinegar mixing that the walnuts oil you
tip that onto the top of there like that
grab a fork stir it round a little bit
and have a little mouthful it's quite
delicious and very simple
here comes another one I thought we got
away from them then these bad bro Mel
come break a spell crazy lazy river